https://forum.fonline-reloaded.net/index.php?topic=10513.msg107761#msg107761

Henry
Wiki Administrator
Global Moderator

Posts: 854
Gravity is just a theory. Try Density.
View Profile Personal Message (Offline)

Re: Journal of the Officer
« Reply #6 on: May 28, 2016, 11:38:37 pm »
Quote
Team Alpha, Explorer's Log
Today was a Special day. I finally found what I was looking for all these years, one of the big abandoned military bunkers some say don't even exist. It was a tough challenge, as ecxpected, but I call it a win.

I began this personal quest as a specialized encounter finder. The big goal was always the abandoned military bunker, manned by deadly robots, because very special items were rumored to be in there. And I was taught all of the skills needed: how to fix mechanical things, how to fix computer tech, how to pick locks, even how to make and use bombs. I was fast on my feet too, exploring the whole map every day. Like a true Scout, I retained detailed map info and knew where to find what and who. I was no sniper, but could use a shotgun just fine. And that's just what I would need some day when I found this special place. Robots hate EMP damage, and I knew how to make EMP shotgun shells.

I had to be a patient guy though. It took a long time to build a 3-man team of combat companions first. I screened so many, dismissing most who just did not make the grade. After a while though, my persistence paid off. I'm up to 3 out of 4. All 3 are as agile as they get, and now with all this training and practice, they're little tanks ready for assignment.

No complaints about the time either. During their training, I found a Vertibird! Found a Little Shelter with Hardended Power Armor too, plus a Vindicator minigun, a Pulse Rifle, an old medical clinic, a crashed Nuka Cola truck, a forgotten warehouse full of handy nick-nacks, and more.

But today...today was the big score: the military bunker, and it was manned by killer robots. I set up a tent there and flew in some supplies. Assembled the team, geared them with the best Combat Armor and Pancor Jackhammers, then distributed EMP shells to them all. We started our approach...

The place was deadly. I did not expect to lose so much hair. The control terminal was tricky, but I got the lights on which apparently brought the whole place to life. A Mr Handy defense-bot powered up and the Companion team killed it before I could say anything. The other doors were solid, locked tight. Fine, on to level 2. But first, whoa, I felt like I was melting. We retreated back to the staging tent, and I had to leave the team there while I found a doctor. The doc in Junktown was available, glad to say. Fixed me up quick and cheap. Back to the tent. I hope the basement is rad-free.

Elevator is working now, so we hit level 2. I stationed the team near the elevator. Got past the energy door, and into the main "hallway of death", killed one sentry bot and led the other robots back within range of the team. The companions cleaned up! Calmed down, healed everyone and pressed on...

Back into the main hallway, moved the team up and stationed them there. Suddenly a door opened and everyone was attacked by multiple targets. One companion went down, and so did I! I was knocked unconscious but the rest of the team took care of business. When I woke up, the hallway was calm again. We drug Suzy out of there. She'll need some time, but Simon and Mina were still good to go, and now I was back to full strength too. Okay, what else...

Explored the rest of level 2, and the team was doing well. Then we really got hit hard. I mean we were all clobbered. Guess we were getting too close to something important. Had to regroup and reassemble back at the tent. Suzy was back on her feet by then, thank God. Everyone was feeling frosty again and ready to finish the job.

Back to level 2. Made 'em pay. It was like the whole team went into overdrive. We took down all the remaining targets without taking hardly a scratch. Cut our way to the admin office. Here's where my Lockpick skills were tested. I passed. I kept finding these color-coded key cards too, and this last one must be the best one, being locked up like this.

One more room down the main hall. Don't touch it. I have a bad feeling about that room. First let's see if this key card gets us into those rooms back on level 1. I saw a computer down here with info about a super robot called Nemezis. Logged out when I saw that. Is that what's in that room at the end of the hall? I bet it is. Maybe we'll come back.

Think strategy. What we did on level 2 worked. Let's stick to the plan. Station the team down here, and I'll get these doors open. I'll pull whatever is in there down the hall within range of the team. That way we'll have 4 guns shooting targets, not just 1.

Worked like a charm, despite the fact that 2 sentry bots were ready in there with dual miniguns, and two more just like them in each room! What a fight. I love it when a plan comes together.

Wow look at all the ammo crates. What's this...Power Armor! And some sort of energy pistol I've never seen before - looks like it came out of a classic sci-fi series from the 1960s! Ha-ha, what a day. Ahhh yes, hello mister wall safe...

And the clouds parted and there was light, and it shown down upon my new Strength implant. Let's get this stuff out of here before someone else shows up.

Okay, now let's see about that big toughie in the basement. I bet he's hiding something too...

-Captain Felix Uhnger
« Last Edit: May 30, 2016, 05:10:29 pm by Henry »



Henry
Wiki Administrator
Global Moderator

Posts: 854
Gravity is just a theory. Try Density.
View Profile Personal Message (Offline)

Re: Journal of the Officer
« Reply #8 on: September 01, 2017, 02:03:32 am »
Quote
And then it came to pass. That day people all secretly feared, deep down. Somehow we all knew it would happen...again...since it had happened before. And more than once. But the thought of it was just too terrifying for most, and these were tough times.

They'd always been tough times. So many had tried to climb up and get out of this trench of a life we inherited. But truth is, we're all stuck here. Together. So with tough times to deal with non-stop every day...yeah people just didn't want to think about it. They'd shove it down, into somewhere deeper, and pretend it's not a priority.

But then it happened. I got a birds eye view of it too. I managed to climb up to some high point, and dig in. Was a heart-pounder getting all these supplies up here, but worth it. So i sat and waited. Watched for it every day. I knew it would come fast, but maybe...maybe i'd see it first.

And i did! Before it reached us, i saw it high in the sky way off in the distance. At first, just looked like any serious thunderstorm. Very dark. Scary lookin'. But as it drew nearer, it's width took over the horizon from left to right, and then it breached the range tops. In ALL directions! It was a dark sky like night time but right in the middle of the day. No sun. I could hear the screams in the valley from all the way up here. It really shook me. Turned my head and could see sparks. What were those from? Some big electrical problem somewhere. Then came the wind. Everyone had to know, this was it. It wasn't only me. My vantage point was one of the best, but surely everyone knew...this was it.

The wind howled like some giant forest monster, and then the dust hit. I watched it whirl around in the valleys first, but took cover once i saw it was climbing up my mountain! It was like a sand-blaster, scouring everything off of every surface. Yep, this was another one of those storms.

And it had been predicted too. I met a monk in Hub who told about it. Somehow he knew some history of these things, and he said this next one would be the biggest one. He called it...the storm to end all storms! I never could get him to explain exactly what that meant, but sure sounded ominous. I'd meet hermits sometimes too, and they'd always know about it. "Yep", they'd say, it's coming! Better be ready, if you know how" and they'd walk off before explaining how. Is that how all religious people are? Reference dire things and leave you hanging?

It doesn't matter now much anyway. The storm has destroyed my house. I mean, the house is gone. I write this from the cellar. So glad i dug this out of the rock. What else was i going to do with my time while i waited? If i hadn't, the dust would have pulverized me anyway, and the wind would have whisked me away from this mountain. I bet my body would have been ripped limb from limb by now and cast to the four corners of the map. Those poor people below. I wonder what I'll find down there...if i ever get out of this.
